Um and then with regards to business, I've obviously never started my own business, um but we've been in this space a long time, I guess. I think there's a few things that are gonna be really important for you. One, I think like business development, uh at some point when you can, you're gonna have I think you're gonna need to go into and Kate can help you. She's brilliant at this. Like mmm proper business development mo mode, you know, lots of outreach, lots of I mean not really cold cooling anymore as a thing, but you know getting yourself at events, getting a all over, you know, LinkedIn messaging, you know, getting getting the word out there and starting to try and book and secure meetings. So really that kind of like head down hitting the phones type of type of stuff. Um and it to be honest, I'm sure uh you can you can get AI working for you there. Secondly is references. So in my experience What's really important is having credible references. You know, when you go into meetings, customers want to know how and where have you done this before? What did it deliver? Am I in a safe pair of hands? are you not just gonna go run off with my money or go bust? You know, I know it sounds basic, but it's really important. Now obviously you've got your own, you know, kind of like customer zero, should we call it, reference of what you did at button up, but I think you're gonna very quickly need some other credible customer references to to show A on the website B in your business development and C then when you get into meeting meetings or you're kind of like pitching business um And I think a way to do this early on, I know it's a bit painful, but is either giving it away free or charging very little for it. Or even if there's businesses that you could, you know, very early stage that you could do for free but uh in but you could you know in return for five percent of their business or something like that. So you could probably do some qu clever investment through the through your early stage work as well But, you know, um even like I don't know, Freddie's sex toy company or you know, if you've got friends that have got early stage small startup businesses that you can get as references. Um or using your network to go in and you know show that you've completed these audits and and you know suck it up and and either not charge or charge very little uh in the early stage. I think it's gonna be super important. So you can put some logos on your website. Uh and then thirdly, um I think in this space like partner accreditations is really important. Like I know uh like hyper agent and airtable and all all the you know all these platforms will have accredited partners and s and rec recommended partners on their website and I think you have to go through and do some like tests and certifications for them. Um but you know, I think that goes a long way if you can get some of these kind of platforms um you know, r showing that Astradax is a an accredited partner of theirs, it just again gives you a lot of credibility.