Um and lastly, uh which is becoming really prominent is and I I wonder if you could think about ways to help organizations with this, is AI economics or tokenomics. Um so, you know, what we're seeing and what I'm seeing in the market is, you know, the cost of AI is really high. It's expensive to provide and it's not quite it is following Moore's law in terms of you know models are getting better and cheaper but the compute is still really expensive and then the surrounding kind of guardrails that you need to put around this capability is still expensive. Um and token is it tokens are expensive, right? So we see I don't know if you've seen like Uber and a ton of other organizations have have been hit with huge token bills uh by a lot of the model makers and they've had to like rein it back in and they've seen cost spiral. So my client now we're doing a lot of sessions with them around uh um structuring for AI economics and tokenomics. You can do this in a number of ways. One obviously with tools. So with the tools that you've got or you need a tool that enables you to see how much tokens you're burning, where you're burning them, which agents are burning the most tokens, which AI usage is burning the most tokens. Um and then the second part is kind of um human led, which is understanding the personas of your organization and therefore understanding which people in the organization you need to give more allowance to in terms of token usage. Um so if you think of like, you know, anthropic co-work but you know, it's really token heavy, burns a lot of tokens. So you need to be giving that to your, you know, the certain the personas in your organization that need to do ri some real heavy lifting, some real, you know, making and you don't need people using that for kind of, you know, simple, noddy tasks. Um so I uh yeah, and I I that is just a massive worry I see for all leaders at the moment, all organizations and being able Control the costs, uh manage the costs and understand the benefit, the cost benefit you know, the ROI attached to to agents is is uh is massive. So those are the five big trends. I'm trying to think if I missed anything, but I think those are the big five ones that I'm seeing at the moment. I think And Astrojax you're really covering a lot of a lot of that, but maybe a couple of other bits that you could think about uh weaving in there. Um