Hey buddy, um hope you're having a great time mate. I'm so so sorry mate, it's taking so long. Uh to get to you and I miss you today. It's been uh it's been a bit mental. Um work and doors and uh all sorts. So I'm so sorry, buddy, but um this is really important to me, mate. I really we want to uh well it's an honor to be involved in in in any way. Um 'cause I think it's incredibly exciting what you're doing. So I will um I will make more time for this moving forward. Um and uh yeah, hopefully things will get a bit easier. I'd really love to be involved in uh whatever capacity I I can be uh useful. Um because yeah like I said I'm so excited for you buddy. Um A couple of things. So I think the website looks amazing, mate, honestly. Um and you probably think I would just say that, but I wouldn't if I didn't think that you know it was gonna enable you if I if I felt that something was gonna hinder you being successful uh then I would then I would say, but I think it's awesome mate, it looks brilliant. I think it reads so well. It's thought provoking, it's credible. insightful, you know, it it comes across as, hey, you know, mm the I I'm I'm knowledgeable in this area, I've got the credibility 'cause I've lived and breathed through it and I've got some awesome ideas to to help organisations. So yeah, well done mate. It's brilliant. I mean the only one thing I thought about was obviously again I love it up top it's like here's how you start you book a book an audit. Um Unless I missed it, I guess the only thing I didn't get from the website is, you know, after that, what would you potentially get? Um now I'm in two minds about that because I like that it doesn't feel salesy at all, really, your website. It's kind of like, you know, thought leadership, thought provoking and hey, like we can kick you off with an audit and get you started Um but I guess if I was a a buyer or the p you know person with the challenge, you know, I might be thinking, okay, but what what can you do for me after that? Is that is that all your service offers? Is it an audit you know, um what's what would things look like after that. And um so maybe you could think about different types of packages that you would offer. Uh or maybe you could you could sh sort of share that you know it'd be detailed analysis including X, Y, and Z, which I know you do sort of reference and then following that you can have discussions about the way you could help or something like that Um just an initial thought and I don't know I I'm still toying with whether that's a good I good idea or not, but I uh I think the one pages and the briefs are brilliant. Um yeah mate, it looks it looks absolutely awesome. I literally other than that thought I have nothing else honestly to add.