Regarding what I'm seeing and hearing at the moment, I mean again, I think you're you're you're incredibly glued up and I think you cover it, you know, so much of it. On the website and in what we've discussed about, I guess I probably there's five themes that I'm seeing at the moment that are really prominent uh in all of my discussions. Um And they are number one, AI energetic governance. And I think the message is the message here is the winners won't be the organizations that deploy the most agents It'll be the organizations that set up the right governance and security and trust frameworks around agents to enable organizations to deploy agents at scale with autonomy that are trusted. Um I am seeing some organizations fall into the pitfall now of trying to gamify volume of agents and you're seeing people just building a building out agents left, right and centre, to you know, hit metrics and Um and then they're having to try and rein it back in and govern it because they've just got a sprawl of agents uh across the organisation that they can't control. So I think governance in terms of agent observability, so knowing what agents you've got out in your organization, what they have access to, what they're meant to do, and what value they're driving. And then obviously the frameworks in place to be able to kill those agents, retire those agents, you know, the whole agent lifecycle management is going to be really, really key. Um we kind of call it the agent control plane and and then you know that trust layer. Uh number two, I won't go into detail because you've nailed it, it's just adoption. you know, digital fluency, digital literacy and then adoption of agents, you know, trust it organizations trusting to use, deploy and build agents in the organization is absolutely massive and there's a huge gap at the moment on that Number three we talked about the other day is context. So you know you need the the right data and insights, structured data in your organization to be able to obviously give the AI energetic uh ecosystems the context on which to operate. Um and you know you can think of that as like you know your business or operational or process IQ. Uh and that's kind of fundamental. So how you set that up and provide those parameters is really important. I think, you know, again, you've alluded to that, and I think there's a ton of ways that you could help with that. Um number four, maybe less prominent for you, but what I'm seeing is a m a complete kind of workplace restructure now around AI energetic systems. Um so We uh I sort of reference it as a move from an org chart to a work chart. Uh and I read a book about this recently uh by the CEO of LinkedIn. Um and I've seen him and also another uh the Bank of New York have not kind of published their early thoughts on this where you have uh an organization now is just structured around you structure agents and humans around work or outputs that need to be delivered uh rather than your typical organizational structure So an example of this, like the Bank of New York shared, is they have uh business leadership who have who are responsible for their business KPIs. And then you have and that's humans, and then you ha the other human element is um strategic thinking and creative thinking. And then surrounding that you basically have agents who are just executing all of the processes that that the organization needs to do. So essentially humans are just leading thought thought leading thought leadership and then creative and strategic thinking and the rest of the organization is operated by agents